1. Roger is an amateur tennis player. He plays tennis very often so he ended up breaking all his rackets so he needs to buy another one. He buys one of the new rackets on the site, and he likes the racket a lot. He wants to make a review on the site, so he decides to create a profile on the site in order to make the rating. 

2. Grigor is a college tennis player who plays at the University of Virginia. He has a profile on the site already, but his location is changing, since when he graduates he will be moving from Charlottesville to Boston. He wants to be able to go on the website and change his location on his profile so his information is up to date for future orders. 

3. Rafael is a 15-year old amateur tennis player who plays in local USTA tournaments. He has very poor fundamentals so he would like to have a professional instructor to help him improve. So he goes on our website and finds the product that is a private instructor. In order to do this, he needs to retrieve a product description on the website. 

4. Gael is a 40-year old retired professional tennis player. He wants to offer his professional tennis services to give private tennis lessons. He currently does not have a way to find people who are interested in his services. He should be able to go on our website and post a product to the product listing. This would allow people who want private tennis lessons to view his service and purchase it. 

5. Milos is a 22-year old Canadian Tennis Player. He is one of the best tennis players in his country so he offers his services on our site to give lessons to less experienced players. However, he recently experienced an injury that causes him to retire from tennis. This means he would not physically be able to give private lessons to other players. This means he should be able to remove his listing from the website. 

6. Andy is a 29-year old professional tennis player who won a large local grass-court tournament. Even though he is considered to be one of the best tennis players in the world, he has a very bad temper and often purposely breaks his rackets on the court. On our website, he sells a few of his own rackets. On one of his product descriptions, he states it is a Wilson racket. But later on, he realizes it is a mistake, so he wants to be able to change it to a Head racket. This means that the website should be able to offer a way to update the descriptions on a given product. 

7. Stan is a 17-year old high school tennis player in Virginia. High school tennis matches usually occur in frequency of at least 2 a week. However, this week he accidentally broke his racket frame as it slipped out of his hand volleying a tennis ball. He urgently needs a new tennis racket for a tennis match next week. So he goes on our website and finds the same racket that he uses usually. Then he creates an order for the racket, so he would be able to use the racket in his match later. 

8. Novak is a 30-year old retired professional tennis player from Austin, Texas. He previously posted on our website offering private tennis lessons. One day, he gets an email from our website saying that someone is asking for his services. Our website would be able to have users who are offering tennis services retrieve orders from players who created the order. 

9. Roberto is a 21-year old college tennis player who previously ordered tennis lessons from another user on the site. He did not improve very much from those lessons, so he was very frustrated. He wanted other people to know about his experiences with the private lessons. He has a profile on our website, so he made a review on the site talking about his experiences in the lessons. 

10. Maria is a 27-year old amateur tennis player who plays in local tournaments in her area. She wanted to buy new tennis shoes, but she was unsure about how it would affect her play. She then notices that there are reviews for the shoes. The website would then be able to retrieve the different reviews for the shoes, so then Maria can make a more informed decision on whether or not she should buy the shoes. 

11. John is a 25-year old casual tennis player who plays tennis occasionally with friends. He bought a new tennis racket and then posts a review on our website stating how the racket feels nice. However, after some time he realizes that the racket head is a little too heavy. He needs to then update his review because he feels like the review is not accurate anymore. Our website would be able to offer a feature that would allow John to update his review to be more accurate. 

12. David is a 54-year old casual tennis player, who recently purchased a tennis racket from our website. He initially thought our tennis racket did not get delivered, so then he posted a very angry review for the racket. But then he realized that the racket arrived later in the afternoon, so then he should be able to delete his review, since it was no longer applicable. 

13. Feliciano is a 35-year old run-of-the-mill tennis player who often feels he loses matches he should win. To improve, Feliicano wants to be able to login securely to the website and see what coaches can offer him.  